Restructure Source Maps Upload page (#5799)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/uglifyjs/javascript.mdx

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events.
If you're using UglifyJS to transpile your project you should configure UglifyJS to generate source maps and use Sentry CLI to create the release and upload source maps.

## 1. Update SDK Options

To be able to match Sentry errors with the correct release, you must provide a `release` property in the SDK options:

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  // Make sure this value is identical to the name you give the release that you

>   // will create below using Sentry CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // create below using Sentry CLI
```

  release: "<release_name>",
});
```

## 2. Generate Source Maps

Next, configure UglifyJS to output source maps:

```bash
uglifyjs app.js \
  -o app.min.js.map \
  --source-map url=app.min.js.map,includeSources
```

## 3. Upload Source Maps Using Sentry CLI

<Note>

> You can find instructions on how to install Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find installation instructions for Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/
```

For more info on Sentry CLI configuration visit the [Sentry CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

</Note>

Make sure Sentry CLI is configured for your project. You can use a `.sentryclirc` file or environment variables:

<Note>

Visit the [auth token user settings page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/) to find your auth tokens.

</Note>

```ìni {filename:.sentryclirc}
[auth]
token=your-auth-token

[defaults]
org=___ORG_SLUG___
project=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

```bash
export SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=your-auth-token
export SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
export SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, create a release with Sentry CLI:

```bash
sentry-cli releases new <release_name>
```

Next, upload your release artifacts (source files and source maps):

```bash
sentry-cli releases files <release_name> upload-sourcemaps /path/to/files
```

<Note>

You can verify your uploaded artifacts by navigating to **[Project] > Project Settings (gear icon in top right corner) > Source Maps** on Sentry.

</Note>

> Until now, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:
```

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events.
If you're using UglifyJS to transpile your project you should configure UglifyJS to generate source maps and use Sentry CLI to create the release and upload source maps.

> ## 1: Updating SDK Options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1. Update SDK Options
```

To be able to match Sentry errors with the correct release, you must provide a `release` property in the SDK options:

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  // Make sure this value is identical to the name you give the release that you
  // will create below using Sentry CLI
  release: "<release_name>",
});
```

> ## 2: Generating Source Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Generate Source Maps
```

Next, configure UglifyJS to output source maps:

```bash
uglifyjs app.js \
  -o app.min.js.map \
  --source-map url=app.min.js.map,includeSources
```

> ## 3: Uploading Source Maps Using Sentry CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 3. Upload Source Maps Using Sentry CLI
```

<Note>

You can find instructions on how to install Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/

</Note>

<Note>

For more info on Sentry CLI configuration visit the [Sentry CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

> </Note>

Reviewer 2: Can we combine these?

Make sure Sentry CLI is configured for your project. You can use a `.sentryclirc` file or environment variables:

<Note>

Visit the [auth token user settings page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/) to find your auth tokens.

</Note>

```ìni {filename:.sentryclirc}
[auth]
token=your-auth-token

[defaults]
org=___ORG_SLUG___
project=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

```bash
export SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=your-auth-token
export SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
export SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

> After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, you can continue by creating a release with Sentry CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, create a release with Sentry CLI:
```

```bash
sentry-cli releases new <release_name>
```

> Next, upload your release artifacts (i.e. source files and source maps):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, upload your release artifacts (source files and source maps):
```

```bash
sentry-cli releases files <release_name> upload-sourcemaps /path/to/files
```

<Note>

You can verify your uploaded artifacts by navigating to **[Project] > Project Settings (gear icon in top right corner) > Source Maps** on Sentry.

</Note>

Until now, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:

```bash
sentry-cli releases finalize <release_name>
```

> For more information on how to configure releases via Sentry CLI, see our [Sentry CLI release management docs](/product/cli/releases/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure releases via Sentry CLI, check out our [Sentry CLI release management docs](/product/cli/releases/).
```
